Add temporary table docs (#6757)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

>
> The above issue exists only when `cdc cli` is v5.0.0-rc. Other v5.0.x `cdc cli` tool can be compatible with v4.0.x clusters.

### Compatibility with temporary tables

> Since v5.3.0, TiCDC supports [global temporary tables](/temporary-table.md#global-temporary-tables). Replicating global temporary tables using TiCDC of a version earlier than v5.3.0 causes table definition error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v5.3.0, TiCDC supports [global temporary tables](/temporary-table.md#global-temporary-tables). Replicating global temporary tables to the downstream using TiCDC of a version earlier than v5.3.0 causes table definition error.
```

> Since v5.3.0, TiCDC supports [global temporary tables](/temporary-table.md#global-temporary-tables). Replicating global temporary tables using TiCDC of a version earlier than v5.3.0 causes table definition error.
> 
> If the upstream cluster contains a global temporary table, the downstream TiDB cluster is expected to be v5.3.0 or later. Otherwise, an error occurs in the replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v5.3.0, TiCDC supports [global temporary tables](/temporary-table.md#global-temporary-tables). Replicating global temporary tables to the downstream using TiCDC of a version earlier than v5.3.0 causes table definition error.

If the upstream cluster contains a global temporary table, the downstream TiDB cluster is expected to be v5.3.0 or a later version. Otherwise, an error occurs during the replication process.
```
